Create SECURITY.md for Security Reporting (#7)
wealthsimple/llm-gateway: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

Wealthsimple secures our code base using a combination of code review, dependency review, and periodic security reviews. Static analysis is performed during automated verification additionally safeguards against common coding errors which may result in vulnerabilities.

### Reporting a Vulnerability

For general defects about this project, please file a [Bug Report](https://github.com/wealthsimple/llm-gateway/issues/new/choose)

> To report a vulnerability about this project please [Report a security vulnerability](https://github.com/wealthsimple/llm-gateway/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: should we encourage privately communicating vulnerabilities?

Reviewer: Ah, I see. The URL misled me. 

What do you think of:
```suggestion
To report a vulnerability about this project please [Report a security vulnerability](https://github.com/wealthsimple/llm-gateway/security/advisories/new)
```
